docs: Rewrite Facebook sign-in setup with prerequisites and production steps (#668)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/11-authentication/04-providers/05-facebook/01-setup.md

You can reuse the same Facebook app for development and production, or [create a separate app](https://developers.facebook.com/apps/creation/) per environment and use its credentials.

#### Self-hosted

Add `facebookAppId` and `facebookAppSecret` to the `production:` section of `passwords.yaml`:

```yaml
production:
  # ... existing keys ...
  facebookAppId: 'your-facebook-app-id'
  facebookAppSecret: 'your-facebook-app-secret'
```

Alternatively, set the `SERVERPOD_PASSWORD_facebookAppId` and `SERVERPOD_PASSWORD_facebookAppSecret` [environment variables](../../../07-configuration.md#2-via-environment-variables) on your production server with the same values.

#### Serverpod Cloud

Use `scloud password set` to upload each value. The App ID is public, so pass it as a positional argument. The App secret is sensitive, so read it from a file with `--from-file` to keep it out of your shell history:

```bash
scloud password set facebookAppId your-facebook-app-id
scloud password set facebookAppSecret --from-file path/to/facebook-app-secret.txt
```

> Run these from your linked server project directory, or pass `--project <project-id>` on each call. See the [Serverpod Cloud passwords guide](https://docs.serverpod.dev/cloud/guides/passwords) for project linking and other options.

Reviewer: Suggestion: `/cloud/guides/passwords` now just redirects to `/cloud/concepts/passwords-secrets-env-vars`. Linking the real path directly points readers at the current page, and using an internal link instead of the full `https://docs.serverpod.dev/...` URL lets the docs build catch it if it ever breaks.

```suggestion
Run these from your linked server project directory, or pass `--project <project-id>` on each call. See the [Serverpod Cloud passwords guide](/cloud/concepts/passwords-secrets-env-vars) for project linking and other options.
```
